Yufeng, where have you been? Why are you back so late?
I called you a lot today and you didn't answer
I thought something happened to you.
Leave me alone.
I'll help you in first
Ah slow down
I said don't worry about it.
What's wrong with you?
I think you're dirty
What do you mean?
Do I need to say it clearly?
You sleep with so many men
You are a bitch
I didn't sleep with you
Who believes it?
You don't sleep with me
Those people are willing to give you resources, right?
Why?
You still play me for a fool, don't you?
I said I didn't sleep with you
I don't care if you believe it or not.
roll
Get out of my house now
I never want to see you again
I'm so disappointed in you.